How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
When writing programs I try to follow industry best practices. I try to leave comments where I can. This helps to identify sections of could. This can be helpful for debugging and maintaining the code. Leaving comments also helps with the readability of the code. I try to keep my code organized and leave proper spacing to also help with the readability of the code. Making module sections allows the code to be adaptable for future expansion or other projects. The advantage of developing this way means that this project could be repurposed for another project. This can be a very helpful time saver or an example of how a future project could be handled. This CRUD module could be applied to any other database with the way it was created, which is a big time and resource saver.
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I like to review the requirements of the project thoroughly before I begin. After I start the project, I like to review the requirements and the design plan as I develop to ensure that I am meeting the requirements and keeping with the plan. My approach with this project did not differ from previous work, I try to stay consistent to help build my base as a developer. In the future I will continue to approach projects with an open mind and be flexible with what a client’s needs are. If a client needs something to be a specific way, then I would make adjustments to meet the client’s needs. 
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists play an important role in society by taking a client’s project and making it work with users’ needs. It’s important because they play the connecting role between the two groups. A client may have an idea, but it may not align with the users needs. My work would help a company like Grazioso Salvare create the tool they need to access information more effectively. This increases their ability as a company and helps them provide users with access to information or a tool that they would most likely not have any other way.
